{{cookiecutter.project_slug}}/docs/technical-overview.rst, before:

.. _technical-overview:
.. highlight:: bash

Technical Overview
==================

Team
----

TODO

* Person name/role

Technologies and Processes
--------------------------

Development
^^^^^^^^^^^

For more information see `development`_ and `development with docker`_.

.. _development: https://cookiecutter-django-kingsdigitallab.readthedocs.io/en/latest/developing-locally.html
.. _development with docker: https://cookiecutter-django-kingsdigitallab.readthedocs.io/en/latest/developing-locally-docker.html

Data model
^^^^^^^^^^

TODO: Possible model types include glossary, conceptual model, encoding models.

To generate a graph of the Django models run the command
``compose/bin/manage.sh graph_models -o models.png`` if using Docker, if not
run the command ``python manage.py graph_models -o models.png``.

Workflows
^^^^^^^^^

TODO: data processing & editorial workflows

Architecture
^^^^^^^^^^^^
TODO: Extract high level description from PQ

To generate a graph of the Docker services/architecture run the command::

    docker run --rm -it --name dcv -v $(pwd):/input pmsipilot/docker-compose-viz render -m image local.yml

For more information see docker-compose-viz_.

.. _docker-compose-viz: https://github.com/ahmadawais/Emoji-Log

Design process
--------------

TODO: describe design process

Commit message:

📖 Doc: Add link to Common Workflow Language documentation.

{{cookiecutter.project_slug}}/docs/technical-overview.rst, after:

.. _technical-overview:
.. highlight:: bash

Technical Overview
==================

Team
----

TODO

* Person name/role

Technologies and Processes
--------------------------

Development
^^^^^^^^^^^

For more information see `development`_ and `development with docker`_.

.. _development: https://cookiecutter-django-kingsdigitallab.readthedocs.io/en/latest/developing-locally.html
.. _development with docker: https://cookiecutter-django-kingsdigitallab.readthedocs.io/en/latest/developing-locally-docker.html

Data model
^^^^^^^^^^

TODO: Possible model types include glossary, conceptual model, encoding models.

The Django models graphical overview can be generated by the
`django-extensions graph_models`_ command. To generate the graph run the
command ``compose/bin/manage.sh graph_models -o models.png`` if using Docker,
if not, run the command ``python manage.py graph_models -o models.png``.

.. _django-extensions graph_models: https://django-extensions.readthedocs.io/en/latest/graph_models.html

Workflows
^^^^^^^^^

TODO: data processing & editorial workflows

Consider using the `Common Workflow Language`_ standard to describe the
project's workflows.

.. _Common Workflow Language: https://www.commonwl.org/

Architecture
^^^^^^^^^^^^
TODO: Extract high level description from PQ

To generate a graph of the Docker services/architecture run the command::

    docker run --rm -it --name dcv -v $(pwd):/input pmsipilot/docker-compose-viz render -m image local.yml

For more information see docker-compose-viz_.

.. _docker-compose-viz: https://github.com/ahmadawais/Emoji-Log

Design process
--------------

TODO: describe design process
